Three modules of sailpoint
	Governance
		RBAC, Policy
	LifeCycle Module
		Joiner, Mover, Leaver
		Custom Workflow
	Compliance
		Certification
			Different types of certification 
			Rule used in certification
	
	Application onboarding
		Types
			Active Directory
			LDAP/Linux/AWS/Azure
			ServiceNow
			Custom Connector
		Aggregation Rule
		Listner rule
	SSD for deploymment in different environment
	Migration , Upgrade
	Rules
	Reports
	
	
	Scripts:
So, in sailpoint i would say i have been mostly focused on identityiq platform but over the time i also get chance to work on identitynow and other SSO tools like okta, but over my carreer i have been focused on idenetityiq.

From the sailpoint iiq perspective i have worked with different modules that sailpoint provides.

So i have worked with life cycle management part of it which envolves different JML process either building JML from scratch or and  levraging SSF for JML process. I have also designed and build my own custom workflow to meets some specific client requirements. And over the process while building that i also build my own custom rule library , own custom classes and writing custom scripts to meet the business requirements.

From my integartion  standpoint standpoint i have integrated diffentrent system such as  ad ldap jdbc, flatfioles service noe,webservice connector, custom integration config, database coeentot like oracle and sql direct.
 
 Moving on to compliance which is more toward certification, i have good exposure on both periodic and event based certification. in periodic based certification i have workwith manager , entitlement owner, role owner, advance certs and customizing certification to meet client requirments by writing different kind of rule that exist is certification like exclusion rule, pre-delegation rule, sign-off approver rule.

On the governance side, i have worked with policies- role SOD policy, entitlements SOD policy . Wherever i could not leverage role and ent SOD i have used advance SOD policies. 

I have also worked with roles implementing RBAC into different end system specificlly in sailpoint iiq levraging sailpoint techniques,provides mainly business role, IT roles.

In addition to that, i have also worked on  custom report whenever OOB reports donot meet client requirements. So custom report also build custom reports using fliter, HQL, java.
